you may have heard the song rich men
north of Richmond and this song went all
the way to the top of the charts selling
my soul
working all day
over time hours
pay so I can sit out here and
waste my life away drive back home and
down my troubles away
but damn shame what the world down to
people like me people like you why well
in this video we're going to look at
what's happening people are feeling it
in their heart and soul working
themselves to the Bone and at the end of
the day getting so little in this moment
in time
when so many people are feeling the same
frustrations
it would be wonderful to capitalize on
that and just use that positive energy
to help other people in your life maybe
people that are different than you
people that you wouldn't normally
connect with
I can tell you from my experience
the jobs I've had and all the people
I've talked to everyone has a really
interesting story if you just give them
the time that's all
it's easy to walk down the sidewalk by
somebody and look down at the ground
look at your phone
but that really is a big part of the
problem
we're also disconnected from each other
but why is that happening we are going
to explore this today look at it in
depth and I will show you that we should
not have a message of Despair but
instead one of hope so let's break it
down right here the very first thing is
all about the consumer I want to tell
you that I am here to give you the
latest and greatest information my name
is David quintiri and what I do is I
take all that complicated Financial
jargon and make it real easy but I give
you the tips and strategies and exactly
what to do usually bringing it full
circle by the end so if you stick with
me I'll give the details of what you
need to know the very first thing that
we need to understand is that people are
pushed to the edge right here you've got
them spending more they're getting less
and rents are likely to move even higher
from this point pushing people further
in I've got a lot of detail and I wanted
to start right here almost three
quarters 72 percent of Americans say
that they aren't financially secure
given their current Financial standing
and more than a quarter set that they
will likely never be financially secure
there are actually millions of people
suffering and that is something that I
say all the time and people some people
I guess if they're not in that
circumstance they're fortunate enough
they don't believe it it's not something
that people want to talk about but if
you were in a place where your financial
security feels super precarious you're
not alone and I think it's important
that it's always going on this is not
something that's necessarily new but we
are feeling the effects of this right
now because of inflation because of how
the prices of everything have moved up
and of course the policies put into
place have brought us here and so that's
where people are standing today and
unfortunately for a lot of people that
Financial education just is not there so
I want to show you some more details
let's look at it buying second hand is
gaining popularity and this is all
around the world look it's not just one
place you could see in the UK in the US
and so on right and it has been growing
over the years and yes you could argue
some people like to do that they can get
vintage pieces and there's an app
however what we're seeing is that people
cannot afford top dollar as they did
before they are cutting back on other
things they're cutting back on their
food in which maybe before they would
buy the name brand now they're buying
the No Name They are going and buying in
bulk in certain places they're going to
the Dollar Stores versus other places so
this balances out and you see that in
the data I've shown you this before and
so we have all of this anecdotal
evidence that adds up to show us the
average American or or you know somebody
in Canada wherever that they are dealing
with roughly the same issues and this
the central banks that are the root
cause of this of course the government
does a few things as well let me tell
you but when you devalue a currency you
get to this point but do not despair
there is hope I'm telling you look
Smash and grab mob robberies spark Los
Angeles clampton yes that's right
California is going to take care of
these people
what do you think about that
I think it is pretty clear that in many
cities around the United States and
other places
the punishment simply not there
we were allowed to steal up to 900 worth
of stuff and nothing bad happens so
what's the incentive to not do it you
understand that's what's going on all
over the place we see the same thing so
this is becoming rampant and people when
that occurs look at a lot of area
developing nations or even within let's
say the United States when that type of
thing happens when there's so much crime
look at what happens to the economy
because the businesses say ah you know
what I'm going to shut down instead of
at nine o'clock or 10 o'clock or even
Beyond I'm gonna shut down at eight
o'clock I'm gonna shut down at six
o'clock so the economy starts to shrink
and the same thing just you know
reverberates throughout this is not a
good sign you want prosperity and you
want a reduction in poverty overall
there has to be something that is done
about all of this business that's going
on okay it's not being done how Mega
Rich musicians including post Malone
Chris Brown or Lee Anne Rhymes and
Nickelback thrown in there bagged up to
10 million dollars in emergency grants
that they didn't have to pay back and
they give you the examples this is all
part of you know trying to get the
people that worked for these uh artists
and so they would get them and they you
know they're not working so the Roadies
and all the people working for them that
they would still get paid uh it turns
out like there's this one homeless guy
right here
um that he got paid and this guy I think
he was beating the hell out of his wife
at some point these guys got money okay
and you probably didn't get much or
anything but they got millions and
millions and millions of dollars to keep
their operations going so we can tell
that the money goes some places it
doesn't just go you know where you would
think that we you know the people that
need it most generally get the least
that's just the way it works
but let me look at this the student loan
moratorium which allowed Americans to
divert money that used to go to uh loan
payments the dinners out and new
furniture ends later this year and that
is going to have an impact on people's
ability to spend this article was
talking about retail sales saying that
it was better than they expected but
look moving from September into October
that's going to come back you're going
to have to pay these student loans that
are millions upon millions of people
that are going to have to now pay on on
average 400 a month extra what does that
mean for the economy okay more slow down
I think you get the picture here okay so
let's look at some of the economic
factors really quickly before I show you
what's going on Richmond north of
Richmond you got to ask yourself you got
to start asking these questions if this
is the case if these things are
happening if there is a Slowdown we are
going into a recession what can I do
what should I do and that is when I know
that you are on the right path this is
what I do with the mentorship when we
look at these things I want to assess
your personal situation and I want to
get you to grow I want to bring you
further I want to take you to places
you've never been before okay and it's
not just a vacation to Europe okay we're
not talking about that I'm talking about
you and your personal circumstances if
you are at level zero okay okay we need
to get you to level one let's take its
step by step and I'll show you more
about that okay look U.S importers are
absorbing higher shipping costs this
summer container lines have reversed the
big drop in Freight rates this year but
experts say that the price increases may
be short-lived we don't really know a
lot of this is because they after
dealing with this for a while the prices
were up significantly then they came
down back to like relatively normal
levels but then what happened well they
said okay we're not shipping as much
stuff we're going to not put as many
containers we're not going to put as
many ships and that starts to send the
price up right so supply and demand so
watch out what happens with this because
Imports exports can anything to do with
Freight in general like that type of
data gives you this anecdotal evidence
of what's happening with the consumer
but this is the economy right lots of
stuff in there as well as this the
Panama Canal has become a traffic jam of
the Seas more than 200 vessels are stuck
on either side out of the Waterway as a
serious drought Cuts Crossings so there
they've got the weather issues to deal
with a lot of these places that are
bringing this Freight in they're dealing
with one thing or another and of course
yet again another reason why prices
can't escalate you got to realize
at this point here there are several
factors now questioning what they're
talking about in the media and so on
with this strong economy is it really
strong is it I'm not so sure about that
when I look at the data it tells a
different story like you can have prices
rising but is that because of strength
and demand or is it because of a problem
fundamentally investors fear a financial
contagion in China troubles at Big Trust
Company worry investors about the
Fallout from the slumping property
sector all I'm trying to say here is
that people are reliant heavily at this
time a lot of people on their 401K on
their you know Investments that have
perhaps done very well since 2020 and
they've been doing so good my house
prices like this I start pulling out the
equity I'm using it like an ATM all of
these things riding on these very very
let's say thin margins and they could be
squeezed whether it's something from
inside of their Town inside of their
city or maybe it's on the opposite end
of the world we've got to be aware of
this and we always want to have a
cushion we want to be shielded from any
potential Fallout and you got to prepare
in advance for that type of thing
okay but let me tell you things for some
are indeed falling apart and we see that
the data is clearly there theft drugs
and degeneracy look at the music that
people are into at this time it's
relevant to what we're talking about
here
where it's just Satanism and it's just
filth and I I don't understand it maybe
there's more to understand I don't think
so uh but that's what seems to do well
and that's why it's so odd about this
song that now that has made it past all
of that stuff in the charts maybe maybe
just maybe people are looking for a
different message they don't want to be
told that you know this satanic nonsense
and everything else
we gotta talk about that okay Richmond
north of Richmond I'll look at this as
well as a message of Hope and not
despair we don't want to be the ones
that
are saying this is the end okay we don't
want to know we don't want to talk about
that we want this America's addiction
crisis laid bare two-thirds of adults
have family member hooked on drugs or
alcohol and one in ten have lost someone
to an overdose I say this all the time
and the reason I mentioned this connects
in with what we'll talk about it in a
second uh but that we have to get our
situation straight we've got problems
and a lot of times we try to drown out
those problems but instead we need to
find people or somebody that has that
strength that can pull you along that
can pull you up a lot of times we need
that and we don't have to be in this
circumstance right here but no matter
what we always want to be pulled up or
pulled out of a hole or whatever
quicksand we need to be pulled out and
so we need to find people as best we can
we need like-minded people right well
let me tell you about that in a second
here so this is a picture this is Oliver
Anthony and this musician Richmond north
of Richmond
um interesting song and he basically
talks about you know the the blue collar
not getting paid enough
um you know dealing with the
circumstances that millions and millions
of people are dealing with right now and
he's basically singing about it and he
turned down an 8 million dollar contract
and says basically I don't want tour
buses I don't want all this stuff this
is ridiculous okay this is not what I am
interested in
he says there's nothing special about me
I'm not a good musician I'm not even a
very good person I've spent the last
five years struggling with mental health
and using alcohol to drown it I am sad
to see the world in the state that it's
in with everyone fighting each other I
spent many nights feeling hopeless that
the greatest country on earth is quickly
fading away that being said I hate the
way the internet has divided all of us
the internet is a parasite infecting the
minds of humans and has gotten their way
basically we're distracted by technology
and so on
and so this is just a message from one
man but what I wanted to say here was I
know he's just posting he's just posting
giving his his heart out to this but
understand that he became number one on
the charts meaning that so many people
resonate with him understand him and
that he got that message through and
everybody connected on us now maybe he
turned down the money he's not
interested in that that's one thing but
understand that this is actually you
know a message of Hope
that he realizes perhaps now that we're
all in the same boat together and so
Rising tide lifts all boats and I hope
that he now uses that platform to go on
Ron Paul said what is left for us to do
the future looks bleak the power leads
are hunkering down and there's no sign
of anyone in Washington cares listens or
understands the issue of money in the
power of the FED does that mean that the
only option is to go into survival mode
I don't think so there's a rumbling in
the Heartland and anger is building
harnessing that anger and converting it
into positive construction and a
constructive energy could have favorable
consequences beyond our imagination it's
time to become energized not despondent
over the tragic mess that has been
imposed on us and that is fantastic to
leave it like this where I say to you
that if you want to find these
like-minded people they are out there
the one that I have available to
everybody number one is this channel so
subscribe to it but also the Discord
because in that Discord it is only going
to be positivity and messages tips
strategies for how we can do our best
given the circumstances we have I'm
going to be doing giveaways on there I'm
going to be sharing as much as I can on
there I am there every single day this
is not one of those Discord channels
where it's just a bunch of people just
talking in there I am in there every day
trying to do my best if you want to
start a business get on in there if you
are interested in the stock market get
on in there there's stuff for everybody
and if you simply request it you're
going to get more so put that in there
come on in Discord it's free hit that
and we will talk okay comment of the day
Uncle Sam quotes I'm going to give I'm
going to save the feeling Banks and
businesses by printing money China if
you print money I'm going to print more
money too the whole world goes Burr and
we've seen this before I think it's
interesting to see this I want to thank
you for that comment this was Happy
Harry
and look we're seeing this all over the
place right that countries are going to
print they're going to devalue that
currency so we need to be prepared and
we need to do what we can do not despair
have hope I hope this message is sent to
you with positivity and knowing that
yeah okay that's the circumstance and
here's what we're going to do about it
we have some steps to take we have those
action steps if you need to know
directly from me put it in the comments
below or go on that Discord 11 over 1100
people are in there already and let's
continue with that let's keep growing it
and I'll see you there